# CS305
Software Security


Artemis Financial is a consulting company that works to develop financial plans to meet the needs of its various clientele. The company wants to operate through a public web service and provided me the code they had built for their programs. They instructed me to check the code and dependencies in their programs to ensure that their service could provide the most secure data / communication protection that was possible. When working on the program attached here, I implemented SHA-256 cryptographic hash functions to generate checksums to ensure all data that was being used was verified. The resulting 256-bit hash would also make all data more resistant to collision attacks that would cause duplicated checksums to be passed. I also changed the program to use HTTPS with a self-signed certificate I made. By using HTTPS I helped better secure all communications between the users and servers by encrypting all data. I then modified the pom.xml file to use the OWASP Dependency check which scanned all dependencies in the project for known vulnerabilities created from them. Running the static analysis generated a document that I used to evaluate all the vulnerabilities that were being created from specific dependencies in the program. 

After this course, I will be graduating and hopefully will find myself with a computer science career in the coming months. With what I have learned in this course I understand that software security is not just a pivotal step in the development process, but an ongoing discipline like brushing teeth or going to the gym. It is something that must be done and checked during every step of the development process and long after the program is finished. In my future career it is my goal to always make data security and system security a top priority in every project I am a part of. I have witnessed and even been victim to stolen data from attacks that could have been easily prevented had the system owners taken more care in protecting their users data. With the skills and understanding I have developed in this course it is my aim to ensure that I can step away from any project I am part of each day knowing I did absolutely everything I could to keep the system in question as secure as I can. 
